Alberto Molinari 330698
Luca Foramacchi 333060
We used the Model-View-Controller architecture.
At the begginning you have to insert your credentials if you have them (the standars are "user, password" for the normal user and "admin, password"
for the admin). If you insert the correct credentials you will go to page2, otherwise you can create a new user by clicking the button "register now" and
you will go to newuserpage where you will insert all the information for the new account.
When you go to page2, you can see a tableview with the list of the watches presented in the shop. If you click on one (in the case of user) 
you will go in the page3 where you can see all the information of the watch selected and also you can buy it. In the case of admin
you will go in page6, after clicking on a watch in the table, where you can see the same information but instead of buying the watch, you
can modify the information and you will go to page5.
If you are a user, from page3, you can click on buy to actually buy the watch and you will go to refillpage where you can insert the information
of you card to perform the purchase.
When your purchase is completed you can visualize the watches that you have in the page4 "My collection" where you can also see the total price
of your watches.
If you are an admin, in the side pane clicking "account" on the right, you can add a new watch clicking on the button. You will go in 
addwatchpage and you have to insert the information about the new watch, like brand and model. To insert the image, you have to insert the name
of the file .jpg and insert the image in the folder of the project. 
The new user and the new watch will be inserted in the database.
When you buy a watch, the attribute "possessed" in the database "watch" will be set with the name of the user that buy the watch.
If you go to My collection after log in with the same user, you can see the watches that you have without have to buy the watch, you can 
see the watches that you bought in the past simply in My collections.